Add info on how to create an issue from a discussion (#9119)
github/docs: content/discussions/managing-discussions-for-your-community/managing-discussions-in-your-repository.md

Organization owners can choose the permissions required to create a discussion for repositories owned by the organization. For more information, see "[Managing discussion creation for repositories in your organization](/organizations/managing-organization-settings/managing-discussion-creation-for-repositories-in-your-organization)."

> As a discussions maintainer, you can create community resources to encourage discussions that are aligned with the overall project goal and maintain a friendly open forum for collaborators. Creating a code of conduct or contribution guidelines for collaborators to follow will help facilitate a collaborative and productive forum. For more information on creating community resources, see "[Adding a code of conduct to your project](/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-code-of-conduct-to-your-project)," and "[Setting guidelines for repository contributors](/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/setting-guidelines-for-repository-contributors)." You can even create an issue from a discussion. For more information, see "[Creating an issue](/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-an-issue)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a discussions maintainer, you can create community resources to encourage discussions that are aligned with the overall project goal and maintain a friendly open forum for collaborators. Creating a code of conduct or contribution guidelines for collaborators to follow will help facilitate a collaborative and productive forum. For more information on creating community resources, see "[Adding a code of conduct to your project](/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-code-of-conduct-to-your-project)," and "[Setting guidelines for repository contributors](/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/setting-guidelines-for-repository-contributors)." 

When a discussion yields an idea or bug that is ready to be worked on, you can create a new issue from a discussion. For more information, see "[Creating an issue](/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/creating-an-issue#creating-an-issue-from-a-discussion)."
```
